[Logs] Added section for alerts and analytics. (#5888)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/get-started/alerts-and-analytics.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Logpush alerts and analytics
weight: 45
---

# Logpush alerts and analytics

Logpush jobs may fail for a few reasons, for instance because the destination is unreachable, because of a change in permissions at the customers’ origin, or because a Logpush job did not complete at least one successful push in the last 24 hour. 

With analytics and alerting, you can monitor your Logpush job health and find out for yourself when a job fails. You can get alerted and you can also get analytics about your Logpush jobs health via GraphQL.

> Alerts are sent via the [Cloudflare Notifications](/fundamentals/notifications/) system. They can be sent via email or webhook. When subscribed to job disablement notification, you will receive at most one alert per job per 24h. The notification email contains the job ID and destination configuration.

Reviewer: Did you add these notifications to Notifications?

> Alerts are sent via the [Cloudflare Notifications](/fundamentals/notifications/) system. They can be sent via email or webhook. When subscribed to job disablement notification, you will receive at most one alert per job per 24h. The notification email contains the job ID and destination configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerts are sent via the [Cloudflare Notifications](/fundamentals/notifications/) system. They can be sent via email or webhook. When subscribed to job disablement notification, you will receive at most one alert per job per 24 hours. The notification email contains the job ID and destination configuration.
```

## Enable alerts 

You can add an alert for **Failing Logpush Job Disabled** via the **Notifications** section of the dashboard. Note that alerts can be configured at the account level and apply to all jobs within an account.

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account and domain.

> 2. Navigate to **Notifications** in the left-panel of the account view.

Reviewer: If possible, avoid saying things like "in the left pane" as this might change and the docs become out of date

> 3. Next, select the **add**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, select **add**.
```

Reviewer: `add` or `Add`?
